The best thing about the trip is that it gives you a place to rest.
There is not
Uh here than just words if the arm is too say that he initiates likelihood
Charm that fell
You did not use the column .
The whole thing plus
Day candy ass more common
What I intend to do is to book a book Kim Yubu udon
5 money from a wealthy demanding shamanism
Bwateodo'm a little touch and open BBQ decorated downsized Oh yeah Give a little blemish
Baik Chang Fong abuse
I'm concentrating on op Korean.
Hello , I have two people in the department.
Restaurant
Breakfast at a rest area
I do not talk to each other because I am in the morning.
wow
I'll stop the street.
Eg
4 Haha All the countries
Please worry.
Look Into're coming earlier
I'll show you right now.
Well
U
Yes, what would you turn 1 car
Example 2 Political travel business
Gas px
Sea Sound
Jeongmang pants not squeeze ah Come
Gets introduced the Rolex'm a little bit fallen 100
Blood 1 I'm lying sick, too.
Peace is right for me.
Okay learn Assisi I say again that's the plan, and this
Hand
What it did Seawater What was the moment
Now.
Look at whether it coming Oh, that point 401 transactions
It looked like lettuce lettuce
This is a complaint.
I do not need to start with
Goodbye
4 am I going to be so much Trang 0 4 supported once the king
The rest are healthy. Vitamins are healthy.
Everything's fine .
I went in.
It's Red Maine, and a big sweep.
Hemming and pick
I will.
There are a lot of things going on as the older ones have said.
I suffered from rain yesterday .
I do not.
Ah
Well, well done.
Apfada Plants
Oh no tags found four yogeol saliva door saliva
U
He's still a shitty man, but he's giving up his affection.
place
Ah ah ah ah
Geujeongdo will not gatseo
To see
I do not know.
But I like you very carefully. Yeah. I'm partying.
Oh
Oh, I like it.
Oh, let's do it.
I'll plant it often.
It would break down at taking
Catch the middle finance group
And maybe kick Las
Domain word
Red flowers making lettuce
Therefore,
U